More explicit action requirement definitions via new collections (#83)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

| mobileRobotTypes[mobileRobotType] |  | array of JSON-object | Holds mobile robot types to which these properties apply on this node. Only one mobileRobotTypeNodeProperty can be declared per mobile robot type per node. |
| *theta* | rad | float64 | Range: [-Pi ... Pi]  Absolute orientation of the mobile robot on the node in reference to the origin’s rotation. |
| *allowedDeviationXY* |  | JSON-object | Indicates the distance a mobile robot needs to deviate from a node to traverse it smoothly. |
| *loadRestriction* |  | JSON-object | Describes the load restriction on this node for each mobile robot type ID in mobileRobotTypeIds.  Note: If not defined, the node can be used by both unloaded mobile robots and loaded mobile robots carrying any loadSet. |
| *requiredActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this node which must always be included when sent by the third-party fleet control system. E.g., waitForTrigger if the intention is that this action is always strictly necessary on this particular node. |

> | *optionalActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this node which are always valid for the mobile robot and may or may not be sent by the third-party fleet control system at its discretion. E.g., the pick and drop actions on a node that is an `interactionNode` of a load handling `station`, or the startCharging action on a node which may be useful for other other actions or simply driving past it. |

Author: ```suggestion
| *optionalActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this node which are always valid for the mobile robot and may or may not be sent by the third-party fleet control system at its discretion. E.g., the pick and drop actions on a node that is an interaction node of a load handling station, or the startCharging action on a node which may be useful for other actions or sometimes just driving through the node without stopping instead. |
```

| *minimumLoadHandlingDeviceHeight* | meter | float64 | Permitted minimal height of the load handling device on the edge.  Note: If not defined, no limitation. |
| *maximumMobileRobotHeight* | meter | float64 | Permitted maximum height of the mobile robot, including the load, on edge.  Note: If not defined, no limitation. |
| *loadRestriction* |  | JSON-object | Describes the load restriction on this edge for each mobile robot type ID in mobileRobotTypeIds.  Note: If not defined, the edge can be used by both unloaded mobile robots and loaded mobile robots carrying any load set. |
| *requiredActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this edge which must always be included when sent by the third-party fleet control system. E.g., an action which requires hazard lights to engage. |

> | *optionalActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this edge which are always valid for the mobile robot and may or may not be sent by the third-party fleet control system at its discretion. E.g., an action |

Author: ```suggestion
| *optionalActions[action]* | | array of JSON-object | Actions on this edge which are always valid for the mobile robot and may or may not be sent by the third-party fleet control system at its discretion. E.g., an action THAT SOMEONE IN THE CALL TODAY WILL THINK OF SO WE CAN PUT IT HERE |
```
